# Cook-your-friends

In our game 'Eat Your Friends' you play as two level 2 creatures (Boucher and Grillard) that must chop, grind and cook food for cannabalistic level 3 customers, the food you serve them are level 1 and your goal is to reach level 3 and evolve to become like the customers you serve, but as you talk to them you may change your mind or you may not about this goal.

For example the Tiger Mom is a caricature of a stereotypical ‘helicopter parent’ as most commonly represented by popular culture, She is based on our concerns regarding unrealistic and misplaced expectations, too much hard love will make someone subservient to any power, easy to manipulate and lacking agency. This of course is a highly beneficial trait for certain people to cultivate in others 'Daddy has arrived and he is taking his belt off' (Mel Gibson describing Donald Trump). In multiple countries, students are frequently subjected to life-altering exams such as the gaokao in China and the CSATs in Korea. The issue is that wellbeing is neglected in favour of scores and performances, lives reduced to predicted economic return on investment.

The REAL President is intended to be an AI representation of a president spread around to misinform and sway votes, misinformation and selective information are rampant and corporations often have more say over policies than voters.

shade notes (short version): 
unit is average height and width of the screen and is the basis for all scaling and coordinates.
unit was a terrible idea that caused bars on the sides of the screen, now I am using absolute coordinates and then editing how they are presented to the player via a camera rather than moving everything relative to the camera.
mac os ignores capital file names, i found out the hard way linux and windows do care.
original map has slim corridoors and ramps, however my collision solution will be more accurate and performant with larger corridoors, this method takes two points  per corredoor, draws a line between them and scatters circles along the line to create a pill shape, the game constantly keeps track of the last nearest circle center point so if the player leaves a circle area they are nudged back towards the last nearest circle center point with a force that increases as they get further away (for smoother collisions), so therefore the wider the corredoors the fewer circles needed for the same length.
failed collision atempts include a Mario 64 style force feild area on every wall that pushes you out or vector math solutions that arent very performant or optimal for a mostly round sloping level such as this one.
the game is about gaining power by taking advantage of the defensless to appeal to the powerful few, but constantly asks the question of do we want to be like them at all and should we be better. It also explores eating intelegent beings, humans think themselves above animals but this is not true and the game is adamant about this.
https://www.toptal.com/developers/keycode was used to find js keycodes